Fix array related cast optimization, do not apply on explicit casts (#16773)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/5.8.5.rst

- Fixed an issue resulting in different (and partly wrong)
  ``sys.allocations.decisions`` results when querying the table on different
  nodes.

- Fixed an incorrect optimization of comparison operators in combination with
  array subscript expression, :ref:`ANY <sql_any_array_comparison>`,
  :ref:`ARRAY_UPPER <scalar-array_upper>` and
  :ref:`ARRAY_LENGTH <scalar-array_length>` function argument whereas the array

>   (or array element) column is explicit cast. Such queries may return wrong

Reviewer: maybe better:
```suggestion
  (or array element) column has an explicit cast. Such queries may return wrong
```

>   (or array element) column is explicit cast. Such queries may return wrong

Reviewer: maybe better?
```suggestion
  (or array element) column has an explicit cast. Such queries may return wrong
```
